Morty: That, out there, that's my grave.
Morty: Nobody exists on purpose. Nobody belongs anywhere. Everybody's gonna die. Come watch T.V.
Morty: What's wrong Rick? Is it the quantum carburetor or something?
Morty: You guys, are the fucking worst! Your gods are a lie! Fuck you, fuck nature and fuck trees!
Morty: If you could get out that whole time why didn't you?
Morty: Because I waited until I was certain it was what I wanted to do, Morty! That's the difference between you and me: I'm certain, and you're a walking burlap sack filled with turds.
Morty: You sold a gun to a murderer so you could play video games?
Morty: Rick, we're taking him back where he belongs.
Morty: Rick, you said we were going to a movie!
Morty: Okay, take it easy, Rick. T-T-That's dark.
Morty: McNuggets?
Morty: How is this a fair trial? Our laywer is a Morty.
Morty: We all remember you as a friend.
Morty: Oh, yeah?
Morty: Uh, that's just Rick's stupid nonsense catchphrase.
Morty: You know what? You're right. I shouldn't even care. This is probably the best thing that could have happened to me. I'm sick of having adventures with Rick.
Morty: You're missing the point, Dad... I don't want girls. I want Jessica!
Morty: C'mon, Rick! Don't talk about my parents like that!
Morty: Rick, what about the reality we left behind?
Morty: But I-it's been like a whole year!
Morty: Aw, man. I really liked this life. Well, at least I didn't really crap my pants.
Morty: Eh... I'm not sure?
Morty: Can you fly a Black Hawk?
Morty: It's actually clean, like a cocaine house. Dad, what's going on?
Morty: Well then get your shit together, get it all together and put it in a back pack, all your shit, so it's together. And if you gotta take it some where, take it somewhere, you know, take it to the shit store and sell it, or put it in the shit museum. I don't care what you do, you just gotta get it together. Get your shit together.
Morty: Get your shit together.
Morty: Ooo, oh boy Rick, I-I don't think you're allowed to say that word. Ya know?
Morty: Ok but yeah, I don't think it's about logic, Rick. I-I think the word has just become a symbolic issue for powerful groups that feel like they're doing the right thing.
Morty: Holy shit, Dad! Shut the fuck up!
