Rick: Wubba-lubba-dub-dub!
Rick: Rikki-Tikki-Tavi, biatch!
Rick: And that's the waaaaay the news goes!
Rick: Hit the sack, Jack!
Rick: Uh-oh, somersault jump!
Rick: AIDS!
Rick: And that's why I always say, "shum-shum-schlippety-dop!"
Rick: Grassssss... tastes bad!
Rick: No jumpin' in the sewer!
Rick: Burger time!
Rick: Rubber baby bubby bunkers!
Rick: Lick, lick, lick my balls! Ha ha ha, yeah! Say that all the time!
Rick: Get off the high road Summer. We all got pink eye because you won't stop texting on the toilet.
Rick: Well, I don't like your unemployed genes in my grandchildren, Jerry, but life is made of little concessions.
Rick: You guys, we gotta hurry! I just got back from Wal-Mart, they're selling Nintendo 3DS systems for one forty-nine ninety nine on sale! Plus, every time you buy one you get a fifty dollar gift card, brings the total price down to a hundred and ten dollars after tax! Now listen! We can flip those sons of bitches for two hundred and thirty bucks a piece easy! They're all limited edition Zelda ones! Hurry! Hurry, come with me! We can be rich and we also all get to keep one and we can play... Nintendo games! Nintendo, give me free stuff!
Rick: Quantum carburetor? Jesus Morty, you can't just add a sci-fi word to a car word and hope it means something. Looks like something's wrong with the micro-verse battery.
Rick: Wait for the ramp, Morty. They love the slow ramp. It really gets their dicks hard
Rick: We did it Morty! Now, lets get out of here and destroy this whole universe!
Rick: Morty, there's nothing dishonest about what we're doing. Now slap on this antenna, these people need to think we're aliens
Rick: Morty, you gotta flip 'em off. I told them it means 'peace among worlds.' How hilarious is that!
Rick: They named a holiday after me. Ricksgiving. They teach kids about me in school!
Rick: [interrupting Beth] Whatever you are asking, the answer is I'm amazing.
Rick: Can somebody just let me out of here? If I die in a cage I lose a bet.
Rick: Uncertainty is inherently unsustainable. Eventually, everything either is or isn't.
Rick: Because I waited until I was certain it was what I wanted to do, Morty! That's the difference between you and me: I'm certain, and you're a walking burlap sack filled with turds.
Rick: We "isn't." Alright, since this time crystal exists in both possibilities, and since it's impossible that I didn't nail this, I'm probably about to press this button in both possibilities at exactly the same time.
Rick: What the hell is wrong with you two! I-I mean you four!
Rick: Stupid-ass, fart-saving, carpet-store motherfucker.
Rick: Yeah, sure, I mean, if you spend all day shuffling words around, you can make anything sound bad, Morty.
Rick: Whatever you say you little punk ass little bitch.
Rick: Unity! Unity! Unity!
Rick: If you get killed in someone else's dream, you die for real, Morty.
Rick: It's a dream, Morty. We're in your dog's dream. The night the dogs captured us, after you cried and crapped your pants, we all went to sleep. Then I used my dream inceptors to put the two of us inside Snuffles' dream.
Rick: It's been six hours. Dreams move one one-hundredth the speed of reality, and dog time is one-seventh human time. So, you know, every day here is like a minute. It's like Inception, Morty, so if it's confusing and stupid, then so is everyone's favorite movie.
Rick: No, no, that happened before you went to sleep, Morty. You're sleeping in your crap right now. Out of all the things that happened to you, that was the only real thing that, you know, is that you crapped your pants. I mean, it's a mess out there. I got some on my hands, Morty, and then I got it on the dream inceptor, and a piece fell in my mouth.
Rick: TO GET R*ugghhb*IGGITY RIGGITY WRECKED SOONN
Rick: Glipglup? You're luck a Trafleforcian doesn't hear you say that.
Rick: It's like the n-word and the c-word had a baby and it was raised by all the bad words for Jews.
Rick: I have a new catch phrase
Rick: I love my grandkids
Rick: Psych, just kidding! My new catchphrase is "I don't give a f**k"
Rick: When's the last time you got laid, 'pers?
Rick: Well that's retarded.
Rick: You pass butter.
Rick: They're just robots, Morty! It's okay to shoot them! They're robots!
Rick: Don't break an arm jerking yourself off, Morty.
Rick: Cute. Your sister's boss gave me a microscope that would have made me retarded.
Rick: Not so fast, Morty. You heard your mom. We've got adventures to go on, Morty - just you and me - and sometimes your sister and sometimes your mom, but never your dad. You want to know why, Morty? Because he crossed me.
Rick: That's my one-armed man! I'm not driven by avenging my dead family, Morty! That was fake. I-I-I'm driven by finding that McNugget sauce.
Rick: I want that Mulan McNugget sauce, Morty! That's my series arc, Morty.
